With that, we were able to set up the Jenkins pipeline.
We already linked our Git repository to Jenkins to build our application.
The next step ideally would be to go ahead
and deploy the build to a particular environment.
In an enterprise setup,
you would have or you would be given an infrastructure environment,
like Dev or Stage or production environment where the build gets deployed.
If you're interested I'm going to provide the steps to have your build
deployed to an environment so that you can go ahead and explore that option, too.
For this particular course,
we have been able to successfully build the application on Jenkins.
So I hope you learned a lot from this example and you're able to set
up your application and get that build on your system as well.